Adds Whereabouts CNI plugin enhancement to 416 release notes + GA table (#76374)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-16-release-notes.adoc

The Telemetry and the Insights Operator collects telemetry on IPsec connections. For more information, see xref:../support/remote_health_monitoring/showing-data-collected-by-remote-health-monitoring.adoc#showing-data-collected-from-the-cluster_showing-data-collected-by-remote-health-monitoring[Showing data collected by Telemetry].

[id="ocp-4-16-registry_{context}"]
[id="overlapping-ip-configuration-multi-tenant-networks-whereabouts"]
==== Overlapping IP configuration for multi-tenant networks with Whereabouts

> Previously, it was not possible to configure the same CIDR range twice and to have the Whereabouts CNI plugin assign IP addresses from these ranges independently. This limitation caused issues in multi-tenant environments where different groups might need to select overlapping CIDR ranges. 

Reviewer: Does `CIDR` need to be spelled out in its first mention, or is it well known enough to stand on its own?

Author: I've never seen it spelled it before. I think if you're poking around the networking docs it's "common knowledge"

> With this release, the Whereabouts CNI plugin now supports overlapping IP address ranges through the inclusion of a `network_name` parameter. The `network_name` parameter allows administrators to configure the same CIDR range multiple times within separate `NetworkAttachmentDefinitions`, which enables independent IP address assignments for each range.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this release, the Whereabouts CNI plugin supports overlapping IP address ranges through the inclusion of a `network_name` parameter. Administrators can use the `network_name` parameter to configure the same CIDR range multiple times within separate `NetworkAttachmentDefinitions`, which enables independent IP address assignments for each range.
```
A couple minor edits to remove redundancy and anthropomorphic language.

> This feature also includes enhanced namespace handling and stores `IPPool` custom resources (CRs) in the appropriate namespaces, and supports cross-namespaces when permitted by Multus. This provides greater flexibility and management capabilities in multi-tenant environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature also includes enhanced namespace handling, stores `IPPool` custom resources (CRs) in the appropriate namespaces, and supports cross-namespaces when permitted by Multus. These improvements provide greater flexibility and management capabilities in multi-tenant environments.
```
Per [IBM Style](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=grammar-pronouns), avoid ambiguous pronoun references (e.g., "this" without a noun following it). I replaced "This" with "These improvements". If you think of a better revision, feel free to use something else.
